README.md, before:

# gpt on your data ingestion

Part of [gpt-rag](https://github.com/Azure/gpt-rag)

## Pre-reqs

- VS Code with Azure Function App Extension
- [AZ CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli)
- Python 3.10
- Contributor role in the *Function App*, *Storage Account* and *Search Service*.

## Deploy (quickstart)

**1) Deploy function to Azure** 

In VSCode with [Azure Function App Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azurefunctions) go to the *Azure* Window, reveal your Function App (Data Ingestion Function) in the resource explorer, right-click it then select *Deploy*.

**2) Azure Cognitive Search Setup**

After you have completed the deployment of the function, wait about 7 Minutes so the Function App can generate the function and its keys.

Then run the setup operation in terminal to create the elements in Cognitive Search executing the following commands:

```
az login
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 setup.py -s SUBSCRIPTION_ID -r RESOURCE_GROUP -f FUNCTION_APP_NAME
```
OBS: replace SUBSCRIPTION_ID, RESOURCE_GROUP and FUNCTION_APP_NAME by the names applicable to your deployment.

If Function app is taking too long to generate the function and its keys, you could do another deployment of the function (step 1) and then try the commands above again.

**3) Add source documents to object storage** 

Upload your documents to the *documents* folder in the storage account which name starts with *strag*.

## References

[Cognitive Search Enrichment Pipeline](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/cognitive-search-concept-intro)

[Azure Open AI Embeddings Generator](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-search-power-skills/tree/57214f6e8773029a638a8f56840ab79fd38574a2/Vector/EmbeddingGenerator)

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow
[Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.

Commit message:

added managed identity and environment credentials authentication as optional

README.md, after:

# gpt on your data ingestion

Part of [gpt-rag](https://github.com/Azure/gpt-rag)

## Pre-reqs

- VS Code with Azure Function App Extension
- [AZ CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli)
- Python 3.10
- Contributor role in the *Function App*, *Storage Account* and *Search Service*.

## Deploy (quickstart)

**1) Deploy function to Azure** 

In VSCode with [Azure Function App Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azurefunctions) go to the *Azure* Window, reveal your Function App (Data Ingestion Function) in the resource explorer, right-click it then select *Deploy*.

**2) Azure Cognitive Search Setup**

After you have completed the deployment of the function, wait about 7 Minutes so the Function App can generate the function and its keys.

Then run the setup operation in terminal to create the elements in Cognitive Search executing the following commands:

```
az login
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 setup.py -s SUBSCRIPTION_ID -r RESOURCE_GROUP -f FUNCTION_APP_NAME
```
OBS: 

- Replace SUBSCRIPTION_ID, RESOURCE_GROUP and FUNCTION_APP_NAME by the names applicable to your deployment.

- Add -m or -e when executing setup.py if you want to enable managed identities or environment credentials authentication.

If Function app is taking too long to generate the function and its keys, you could do another deployment of the function (step 1) and then try the commands above again.

**3) Add source documents to object storage** 

Upload your documents to the *documents* folder in the storage account which name starts with *strag*.

## References

[Cognitive Search Enrichment Pipeline](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/cognitive-search-concept-intro)

[Azure Open AI Embeddings Generator](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-search-power-skills/tree/57214f6e8773029a638a8f56840ab79fd38574a2/Vector/EmbeddingGenerator)

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow
[Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.
